Add/Remove traits for RN (#5405)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/react-native/index.md

### Can I set inlineRequires to false in my metro.config.js file?
Segment requires the `inlineRequires` value in your `metro.config.js` value to be set to `true`. To disable `inlineRequires` for certain modules, you can specify this by using a [blockList](https://facebook.github.io/metro/docs/configuration/#:~:text=If%20inlineRequires%20is%20an%20object){:target="_blank"}.

> ### Can I clear user triats without calling the reset() method?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Can I clear user traits without calling the reset() method?
```

> The set method on userInfo can accept a function that receives the current state and returns a modified desired state. Using this method, you can return the currnet traits, delete any traits you no longer wish to track, and persit the new trait set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The set method on userInfo can accept a function that receives the current state and returns a modified desired state. Using this method, you can return the current traits, delete any traits you no longer wish to track, and persist the new trait set.
```
